Add support for `/v1/predictions` (#75)
spiceai/spicepy: README.md

A custom timeout can be set by passing the `timeout` parameter in the `query` function call. If no timeout is specified, it will default to a 10 min timeout then cancel the query, and a TimeoutError exception will be raised.

> ### AI Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ML Model Inference
```

> Spicepy supports running prediction against your own trained models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spicepy supports inference (prediction) on ML models loaded by the Spice runtime.
```
